### MATPLOTLIBRC

# Fonts
font.family: fantasy
font.weight: normal
font.size: 8.0

# Colors
lines.color: 000
text.color: 444
axes.labelcolor: 222
axes.edgecolor: 000
axes.facecolor: none
xtick.color: 333
ytick.color: 333
grid.color: 111
axes.prop_cycle: cycler('color', ['1f77b4', 'ff7f0e', '2ca02c', 'd62728', '9467bd', '8c564b',       'e377c2', '7f7f7f', 'bcbd22', '17becf'])

# Line Widths
lines.linewidth: 1.5
axes.linewidth: 0.8
xtick.major.width: 0.5
xtick.minor.width: 0.3
ytick.major.width: 0.5
ytick.minor.width: 0.3
grid.linewidth: 0.5
grid.alpha: 0.25

# Linestyles
lines.linestyle: -
lines.marker: None
lines.markeredgewidth: 0
lines.markersize: 3
lines.dashed_pattern: 3, 1.5
lines.dashdot_pattern: 6, 1.25, 2, 1.25
lines.dotted_pattern: 1, 1
lines.scale_dashes: True
grid.linestyle: --

# Tick Params
xtick.top: True
xtick.bottom: True 
xtick.major.size: 2
xtick.minor.size: 1
xtick.direction: in
xtick.minor.visible: True
xtick.major.pad: 3
xtick.minor.pad: 3
xtick.labelsize: 4

ytick.left: True
ytick.right: True
ytick.major.size: 2
ytick.minor.size: 1
ytick.direction: in
ytick.minor.visible: True
ytick.major.pad: 3
ytick.minor.pad: 3
ytick.labelsize: 4

# Axis
axes.grid: True
axes.grid.axis: both
axes.grid.which: major
axes.spines.top: False
axes.spines.bottom: True
axes.spines.left: True
axes.spines.right: False

# Styles
axes.titlesize: 8
axes.titleweight: 700
axes.titlepad: 4
axes.labelsize: 6
axes.labelpad: 3
axes.labelweight: 500
axes.axisbelow: True
axes.unicode_minus: True
axes.autolimit_mode: data
axes.formatter.useoffset: False
axes.formatter.offset_threshold: 5
polaraxes.grid: True
axes3d.grid: True


# Legend
legend.loc: best
legend.frameon: True
legend.framealpha: 0.6
legend.facecolor: inherit
legend.edgecolor: 0.25
legend.labelspacing: 0
legend.handlelength: 2
legend.handletextpad: 0.25
legend.borderaxespad: 0.25
legend.columnspacing: 1
legend.numpoints: 2
legend.scatterpoints: 2
legend.markerscale: 0.5
legend.fontsize: 5

# Figure
figure.titlesize: large
figure.titleweight: normal
figure.figsize: 5, 3
figure.dpi: 300
figure.facecolor: none
figure.edgecolor: none
figure.frameon: True
figure.max_open_warning: 2
figure.subplot.left: 0.1
figure.subplot.right: 0.95
figure.subplot.bottom: 0.1
figure.subplot.top: 0.9
figure.subplot.wspace: 0.1
figure.subplot.hspace: 0.1

# Saving
backend: SVG
svg.image_inline: True
svg.fonttype: none
savefig.dpi: figure
savefig.facecolor: none
savefig.edgecolor: none
savefig.format: png
savefig.transparent: True
path.simplify_threshold: 0.15
